docs: adapt docs to new story (#5800)
jina-ai/jina: docs/concepts/orchestration/deployment.md

## Start and stop

> When an {class}`~jina.Deployment` starts, all the replicated Executors will start as well, making it possible to {ref}`reach the service through its API <third-party-client>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a {class}`~jina.Deployment` starts, all the replicated Executors will start as well, making it possible to {ref}`reach the service through its API <third-party-client>`.
```

What do we mean by replicated?

There are three ways to start a Deployment: In Python, from a YAML file, or from the terminal.

> - Generally in Python: use Deployment as a context manager in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generally in Python: use Deployment as a context manager.
```

```
````

### Supported protocols

A Deployment can be used to deploy an Executor and serve it using `gRPC` or `HTTP` protocol, or a composition of them. 

> ### GRPC protocol
> 
> GRPC protocol is the default protocol used by a Deployment to expose Executor to the outside world, and is the protocol used to communicate between Gateway and an Executor inside a Flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### gRPC protocol

gRPC is the default protocol used by a Deployment to expose Executors to the outside world, and is used to communicate between the Gateway and an Executor inside a Flow.
```

### HTTP protocol

> A Deployment when used in stand-alone (without being part of a Flow) can be served using HTTP protocol which would allow external services to connect via REST. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP can be used for a stand-alone Deployment (without being part of a Flow), which allows external services to connect via REST. 
```

```python
from jina import Deployment, Executor, requests

class MyExec(Executor):

    @requests(on='/bar')
    def bar(self, docs, **kwargs):
        pass

dep = Deployment(protocol='http', port=12345, uses=MyExec)

with dep:
    dep.block()
````

This will make it available at port 12345 and you can get the [OpenAPI schema](https://swagger.io/specification/) for the service.

```{figure} images/http-deployment-swagger.png
:scale: 70%
```

### Composite protocol

A Deployment can also deploy an Executor and serve it with a combination of gRPC and HTTP protocols.

```python
from jina import Deployment, Executor, requests

class MyExec(Executor):

    @requests(on='/bar')
    def bar(self, docs, **kwargs):
        pass

dep = Deployment(protocol=['grpc', 'http'], port=[12345, 12346], uses=MyExec)

with dep:
    dep.block()
````

> This will make the Deployment reachable via gRPC and HTTP simultanously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will make the Deployment reachable via gRPC and HTTP simultaneously.
```
